Upgrade to Realm Core v13.23.2 (#6225)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

* None

### Enhancements

> * Allow collections of non-embedded links in asymmetric objects. ([realm/realm-core#7003](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7003))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow asymmetric objects to contain fields with non-embedded (top-level) links (rather than only embedded links). ([realm/realm-core#7003](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7003))
```
